### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- **What is PostgreSQL?** An ORM (object relational mapping system) that is built on SQL.

- **What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?**  SQL is a language used to query databases; PostgreSQL is a database system that can be manipulated by SQL commands.

- **In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?** $ psql DB_NAME

- **What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?** HAVING is used to filter groups of query results; WHERE is used to filter results before groups are optionally applied.

- **What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?** an INNER join only returns results where data is present (and matches query criteria) in both joined tables; and OUTER join returns results even if one table does not have data present for an entry.

- **What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?** a LEFT OUTER join returns all results from initial table with whatever records match the query from the connected table (right table); a RIGHT OUTER join returns all results from the right table and only matching results from the left table.

- **What is an ORM? What do they do?** an ORM is an Object Relational Mapping system.  They enable a user to manipulate data stored in a database.

- **What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?** AJAX is used from the client side and can update the website without refreshing the page via JavaScript; it is directly retrieved from the source by the browser without any manipulation from the website server. A server side API request requires the site to be refreshed in order to show the results to the client, but the results can be stored directly in a database or used by the server and can be manipulated by the server before being sent to the browser; the information does not have to be sent to the browser even!

- **What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?** Cross-Site Request Forgery--occurs when a request is made from an unintended origin AKA other than the website.  A CSRF token is generated by the server and delivered back to the server when a request is made in order to confirm that the request originated from the intended site.  Without a CSRF token a bad actor could include unwanted fields in their request in an attempt to manipulate the server in an unwanted way.

- **What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?** Hidden tags are used to store and deliver back to the server information in a form.  Among other things, CSRF tokens are placed in hidden inputs in order to authenticate the form to the server without making the user aware of the token's presence.
